Hey there and welcome to Soul Church.
Our prayer is that this message encourages you wherever you may be in life.
We've been hearing so many stories about what God is doing in people's lives and we'd love to hear yours.
So take a second and send your story to stories at soulchurch.com.
Thanks again for joining us today and we hope that you enjoy the message.
God bless.
Father, I just pray right now for our church family.
this Sunday on this mathematical Sunday but you don't live in a building you live in our hearts so as people are spread out all across Norwich Norfolk and beyond we thank you Lord that you're in there you're in their lives you're right there with them and as we've been remembering at this Christmas time you are Emmanuel you are God with us so Lord I pray today as much as we miss being with each other in the room
who would feel an essential presence in our hearts, in our lives.
For those who are struggling with sickness right now, I thank you that you are their healer.
For those who are doing it tough, maybe they're alone.
It's been a really difficult few days.
Maybe they're mourning the loss of a loved one.
You're draw close to them.
We just want to say we love you, Jesus, one more time.
We love you, we love you, we love you.
We thank you for your goodness.
We thank you for carrying us through 2025.
Lord, we have a great expectation for what you're gonna do as we enter this new year, this week in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Come on, if you're at home, wherever you are, the worship team, there's just a handful of us here today, but we wanna say thank you, Jesus, for your goodness and your grace.
Well, that was powerful.
I loved it.
We're kind of just like, it's a little bit odd.
When it's a bit like COVID days, I don't want to even go back there, but we're in the room alone, but we know we're not alone because God is here and there's so many of you watching.
So would you put your hands together and
Thank all the dream team.
In fact, why don't you write in the chat the name of someone on the dream team you personally want to chat.
Why don't you do that right now?
Say thank you to the arrivals team, the car park team, you can name them by name, the worship team.
I think it's good just to say thank you.
And yeah, we're so grateful for our dream team.
They serve faithfully.
51 Sundays a year, but today you get a break and we hope you've enjoyed some time with family and friends and loved ones.
I hope you haven't eaten too much.
I definitely have.
And definitely need to get some more steps in.
But come on, when you thank the worship team as well, you can put that in the chat.
Thank you, Chantal and all the team.
Amazing.
Well, this is our final Sunday of 2025.
And if I was to sum up 2025, I think it would be a year of battles and blessings.
There's no doubt about it.
There's been some blessings on our church.
We've seen record attendances.
We've seen record salvation, record baptism.
So we've seen some just incredible blessings, but there's been some battles along the way.
But here's one thing I do know.
God has been faithful.
He's been faithful and he'll continue to be faithful.
The steadfast love of the Lord never ceases.
I love that word steadfast.
It's steadfast.
His love remains the same.
And I am confident at this that I will see.
the goodness of the Lord in the land of the living, in the land of 2026.
And so I wanna just share some thoughts as we enter into this new year.
And I wanna, you know, the most famous chapter of the Bible, arguably, is Psalm 23.
And I just wanna just pull some thoughts out of that famous Psalm for us as we head into 2026.
I'm gonna title the message, the power of Psalm
23.
I'm going to read it out, and many of you know it off by heart, so feel free to read it along with me.
The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want.
He makes me lie down in green pastures.
He leads me beside quiet waters.
He refreshes my soul.
He guides me along the right path for his namesake.
Even though I walk through the darkest valley, I will fear no evil, for you are with me.
your rod and your staff, they come for me.
You prepare a table before me in the presence of my enemies.
You anoint my head with oil, my cup overflows.
Surely your goodness and your love will follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever."
As I was thinking about the final message to really just deposit into our church for 20
I just felt to share seven promises from this powerful psalm.
The seven promises to carry into a new year.
Often we can make a decision what we carry into a new year.
We can carry the baggage of 2025, the disappointments, the frustrations.
We can carry the challenges or we can make a decision.
We're actually going to carry the promises of God into this new year.
So I want to share seven promises to carry into 2026.
Now, I've got a bit of an empty room, so I am pretty excited.
I'm stirred up to share this word with you today, because this is 2026 is going to be
A year, number one, is the promise of provision.
The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not one.
He makes me lie down in green pastures.
You know what green pastures speak of?
Fruitfulness and provision.
If something is green, it's normally alive.
If you've ever had to cut a tree down in your back garden,
The first thing you look for is, is there some green on the tree?
If there's some green on the tree, it means it's alive.
Well, the promise to head into 2026 says that my God shall supply all my needs because it's green pastures.
It doesn't say it's burnt pastures or sandy pastures.
It says it's green pastures.
It speaks of provision.
It's alive.
And so this year,
We're heading out of this year and we're heading into New Year.
And I encourage you, you can either look at next year as the year of recession or the year of provision.
And I declare that 2026 will be a year of provision for you, for your family, for your offspring, for your loved ones, for your business.
This is the year of provision.
One of God's names is Jehovah Jireh.
He says, I am your provider.
I am your source.
The Bible doesn't say that our boss is our source, our investment plans are our source.
He says that God is our source.
He is the source.
He is my provision.
The second promise is that he will guide us.
He leads me besides still waters.
God is not just going to provide for you.
He's going to guide you into 2026.
He's going to guide you in your marriage.
He's going to guide you in the health challenges.
He leads me besides still water.
I love that word still, stillness.
It speaks of peace of mind.
I believe that we're going to go into a new year guided with a renewed mind.
There is peace in our mind.
How do we
How do we be guided with peace with Shalom in our minds?
Some of us have got to stop remembering what God has already forgotten.
The opposite of being still is worry and fear.
Be anxious and fear and anxiety and worry will always prevent progress in your life.
So I'm going to ask you a question, what's robbing you of stillness?
What's robbing you?
I want you to write down the things that are robbing you of stillness.
Maybe it's your bank balance.
Maybe it's the problem at home with your children.
Maybe there's something going on at work and it's stealing your joy.
It's stealing your stillness.
And God is wanting you to guide you into a new direction for your life, but you can't because you're so caught up in fear and worry.
So I want you to write down those things that are worrying you on one side of the paper, on the other side.
only to find some scriptures which counteract them.
And I want you to speak the truth of the Word of God every day, where there's fear, speak faith.
The Bible says that faith comes by hearing and hearing from the Word of God.
It's so good to hear Scripture.
That's why we come to church, we come to worship God and we come to hear God.
And I want to encourage you to read the Word of God out loud as we cross over into this new year.
He promises to guide us.
God wants to guide you.
How does he do that?
He guides us through his Word as we hear his Word.
The third promise from this passage is restoration.
He restores my soul.
What does restoration speak of?
I think it speaks of God's grace and forgiveness.
It's a reminder.
The definition of grace is the freely given unmerited favor and love of God.
This might sound so elementary as we head into New Year, but do you really have a fresh understanding that you are forgiven?
For everything that you got wrong in 2025, God is reminding us today if you are a child of God that you are forgiven.
The enemy would love to attach baggage
of the past of this year onto the New Year.
But he says he restores my soul.
What does that mean?
He wipes clean every mistake.
He removes it as far as the east side is from the west side.
And as we head into a new year, today you are reminded that you are clean, you are clear, you are forgiven.
As Christians, we need to understand again the power of God's grace.
For us to move on and be restored, we have to make a conscious decision to know who we are in Christ.
We put on the mind of Christ.
Today, I want to remind you again, you're loved and you're forgiven by God.
He restores my soul.
The fourth promise from this passage is the promise of protection.
even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death.
When David was writing this, he was a shepherd boy, and he would have to go through valleys and cliffs and the cliffs of the rock.
And there would be bandits hiding in the rock to throw stones and rob shepherds of their flocks and of their possessions.
And so when they would walk through valleys with shadows that were coming through the valleys, it would be a time where you could feel real fear.
Yeah, he writes this.
He says, even though I walk,
through the valley, I will fear no evil.
You see, there's safety in this promise.
In 2026, there will be mounted top experiences, which are good things, blessings.
But I'm not naive enough at 47 to realize there will not be some valley experiences.
There'll be some challenges, there'll be some setbacks.
People will let us down.
People will promise one thing and deliver another.
yet we can know that we're protected.
We can't avoid valleys in 2026, but one thing we can't avoid is being alone in the valley.
And David got a revelation, even though he was gonna be walking through the valley, he would not be alone in the valley.
And this is the promise that we are protected.
The bigger the destiny that you've decided to respond to, the bigger the valley you're gonna have to go through.
And if God has given you a dream for 2026, there will be some valleys.
As I said about 2025, it's been a year of blessing, but it's also been a year of battles.
But there's one constant and it's God remains with us and He will protect you.
I'll encourage parents this year to pray the prayer of protection Psalm 91 over your children as they go into school and college and university.
Every morning as you drive or put them on the bus to say a quick but simple, powerful prayer, God protect my children.
God, look after them.
God, keep them from all evil.
Ask God to protect your possessions, your property.
Put ahead your protection around them.
The promise is here, even though I walk through the value of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil.
It's a prayer of protection.
The fifth promise in the passage is the promise of faith.
I will fear no evil for you are with me."
Wow.
Sometimes it's hard when you're a dad to drop your child off, maybe to a school trip, or you can't be with them.
As parents, we want to be with them.
We want to protect them from all evil.
We want to be there all the time.
But the reality is we can't, as if they get older, it gets harder and harder.
But the promise is we have faith.
that even though we can't be with our children, our spouses, or our loved ones all times, God can.
You see, God sent His Spirit, the Holy Spirit, who is omnipresent, which means He is with all of us at any time, we can seek His protection.
But this requires faith to believe that.
And the opposite to faith is fear, and being fearful is
our decision, not God's decision.
We choose fear.
We choose that.
But David said this, he made a different choice.
He says, I will not fear evil.
I will not fear.
I wonder if you're gonna make that conscious decision this year.
As we, 2026, as we walk into these promises, the quest is I will fear no evil.
We have to make that conscious decision, we will not fear evil.
When evil comes on the news, when evil comes in front of us, when we confront it with evil, we're not saying we don't see evil, we say we will not fear evil.
It will not come near my children.
It will not come near my family.
It will not come near my home.
I will fear no evil.
Fear is an imposter.
It has no right in your home.
It has no right on your children.
That's why I encourage you to pray over your children before they go to school.
Pray over your children before they go to sleep.
Speak the word of God into your home, into your family.
I will fear no evil.
The promise is faith.
The sixth promise is favor.
The promise of favor.
You anoint my head with oil.
Do you know, on our own, we're pretty average.
We're pretty average.
We all have gifts and talents.
I think there's a danger when we rely on those gifts and talents because it's in our own strength and our own ability.
But David had this revelation that he anointed his head with oil.
What does that mean?
The oil is the anointing.
So God doesn't want you to go into 2026 just with your gifting or your own talent or your charisma or personality.
even though they're all God given.
He wants you to go into 2026 knowing that the favor of God is upon you and you don't have to be just you, you have the presence of God.
He wants to give you the words in the board man.
He wants to give you the words at school.
He wants to give you the things to think, the things to say, the things to write, the things to create.
It's called the favor of God that comes from his anointing.
Next Sunday, we're going to be anointing everybody with oil.
The oil symbolizes the presence of God.
I love anointing Sunday, first Sunday of every year.
Because it reminds us again that it's not about what we can do.
It's about what's already been done.
And we can walk in the favor of God.
It leads on to the seventh promise.
It's the promise for 2026 of blessing.
Surely goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life.
Expect blessing this year.
Next year, just a few days to go.
Blessing, it should be like a shadow.
You can't shrug it off.
I remember when I was at school,
As a young boy, we try and get rid of our shadow in the playground, but you couldn't.
Because your shadow is attached to you.
You notice exactly what the blessing of God wants to do.
It wants to attach itself to us.
You can't shrug it off.
You go into the boardroom, you go into school, the college.
You go wherever you are, and the blessing of God goes with you, not because of what we deserve, but because of who he is.
And I'm his child.
No one encouraged you make a decision as you head into this new year.
David said in Psalm 27 verse four, one thing I've desired for the Lord, that will I keep, that I will dwell in the house of the Lord, all the days of my life.
There is blessing attached to being a child of God.
So when I look at this, these promises,
Three things jump out of me as we bring this to a close.
First of all, the Bible says he leads me beside the still waters.
What does that mean?
He's already in front of me.
God is already in 2026.
He's in January through to December.
He's in every single one of those days.
He's in front of me.
It says, you are with me.
You're right and your staff, they come for me.
What does that mean?
If someone comforts you, they're right beside you.
He's in front of me.
He's beside me.
And look at this.
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me.
He's in front of me.
He's beside me and he's behind me.
Now that is, that's a formula for success.
God, God is with you.
He's in front of me, giving me direction.
He's beside me, comforting me.
And he's behind me for when I get it wrong.
You know what?
From time to time, we get it wrong.
We mess up.
But his grace and his mercy in 2026 is more than enough.
You've heard me say this so many times, and I'll keep saying it.
You can't fall from grace.
You could only fall into grace.
Grace is there to catch us.
If you only know the God of grace and you don't know the God of guidance, your life isn't going to go anywhere.
So yes, he's there for when we fall, but he's also there to move our lives forward.
He's our shepherd.
So I feel like we're good to go.
We can't lose in 2026.
Will there be valley experiences?
There could well be, but he's in front of me.
He's beside me and he's right behind me.
We have nothing to fear.
So these are some declarations that are put together for this brand new year.
I'm going to pray for you.
And then we can let you get back to your holidays.
Here's a declaration for 2026 from Psalm 23.
The Lord is my shepherd.
Here's the promise.
I will be blessed.
I speak blessing over you, your family and your loved ones.
in this coming year.
He makes me lie down in green pastures.
The promise I will be planted in pleasant places.
Declaration three, he leads me beside the still waters.
I will be refreshed from deep and fulfilling waters.
Amen.
Declaration four, he restores my soul.
I will continually
be restored to wholeness.
Declaration five, he leads me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake.
I will always be confident my steps are ordered by the law.
He's going to order every step as you take them this coming year.
He is my rod and staff which comfort me.
I will fear no evil thing for God is with me.
He's with me.
He prepares a table of blessing for me in the presence of my enemies.
I will never let opposition rob me of my inheritance.
You have an inheritance in Christ today.
He anoints my head with oil, my cup overflows.
I will always wear the crown of the anointing and think on things above and beyond my present love.
Amen.
He has shown his goodness and mercy to me continually.
Here's the declaration, I will always leave evidence of God's goodness and mercy wherever I go.
Just two more.
He has shown his goodness and mercy to me continually.
Number 10.
He has provided a place for me in his house.
forever.
I will always live to build His house in the light of eternity.
In Jesus' name, amen.
I want us to carry those declarations into this new year.
Psalm 23, He's in front of me, He's beside me, and He's behind me.
If you believe it, I want you to shout a big amen at your television or at your laptop right now.
In Jesus' name,
Amen.
Praise God.
We thank you God.
I want to pray for one more group of people.
Maybe you've just stumbled across soul church on YouTube or Facebook and you started to watch.
Some of the things I said, they've resonated with you.
And you realize that maybe you haven't really ever made a conscious decision
to invite Jesus to be the Lord and the Savior of your life.
And at the close of 2025, this is such a great opportunity for you to make your peace with God.
Maybe you've tried so many things this year that just left you, just left you unfulfilled.
You're just not satisfied.
You're searching for the meaning of life.
Maybe you just stumbled upon the reason you were born.
You see,
Every person on earth is trying to find true satisfaction, true love, true, true purpose.
But it's not until you find Jesus that you can find any of those things.
You see, you're created for two things.
You're created to be loved and you're created to love.
But before you can truly love someone else, you've got to understand that you are loved.
The Bible says, for God so loved the world that he gave his one and only son.
You're loved today by God.
You've got to accept that gift.
Many of you have received many nice gifts over the last few days, but the greatest gift you can accept is this gift of his love.
So I'm going to ask you right now, just close your eyes wherever you are, as long as you're not driving.
Just close your eyes and want to say this prayer together.
You're saying, John, I need Jesus.
I've drifted.
I've never made that decision.
This is your opportunity to follow him.
Father God, we thank you today.
to sending your son as a little baby in a manger.
We recognize today that we need you.
So I ask you right now that you would help every person who's listening that is straight or needs to come into a relationship with you that would invite you right now.
You just say, Jesus, come into my heart.
Forgive me of my sins.
Cleanse me with your precious blood.
Help me to live for you.
Amen.
Fantastic.
Well, there's no one in the room cheering, but I'm cheering you because if you set that prayer for the first time or if you've reconnected with God, there's angels in heaven that are cheering you on.
And we're cheering you as loud as we can today because it's the greatest decision that you've made.
And you're going to end this year and start a brand new year knowing that Jesus is your good shepherd.
He's in front of you.
He's beside you and He's right behind you.
You have nothing to fear.
I encourage you to take those seven promises and those 10 declarations into 2026 in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Thanks again for tuning in.
If you said yes to Jesus today by saying the Salvation Prayer, we'd love for you to email connections at soulchurch.com.
So we can talk to you a little bit more about this incredible decision you've just made.
And if at any point in the service, you felt moved to give towards any of our local or global initiatives.
Head to SoulChurch.com.
And don't forget to stay connected with us on Facebook, Instagram and YouTube by searching at SoulChurchUK.
Take care and God bless.